README.md, before:

# Draw Me Like Your Triples: Leveraging Generative AI for the Completion of Wikidata

This repository contains the code and resources for the research project "Draw Me Like Your Triples: Leveraging Generative AI for the Completion of Wikidata". The project was conducted by Raia Abu Ahmad, Martin Critelli, Şefika Efeoğlu, Eleonora Mancini, Célian Ringwald and Xinyue Zhang under the supervision of Prof. Albert Merono.

## Project Description
wip!
## Repository Structure
Folder Structure:
``` 
.
├── dataset                    --->  Dataset folder
│   ├── image-data 
│   │   ├── generated-data     ---> Generated images of the fictional characters
│   │   └── ground-truth       ---> Original images of the fictional characters
│   ├── prompt-data            ---> Prompts generated from raw-data.
│   ├── raw-data               ---> This directory contains the datasets created by querying Wikidata and DBpedia for fictional characters
│   └── unavailable_pic_ids    ---> Fictional characters with unaccessible images, but have an image property in the Wikidata KB
├── scripts                    ---> Bash scripts
└── src
    ├── data-collection        ---> Data collection codes from DBpedia and Wikidata, and ground truth image downloader
    ├── evaluation             ---> Evaluation metrics
    │   ├── evaluation-emotion
    │   └── evaluation-image-semantic
    ├── image-generator        ---> text (prompt) to image generator
    ├── notebooks              ---> visualization codes
    ├── prompt-generator       ---> prompt generation codes
    └── utils                  ---> read, write, download, and data loader functions
```
<!--The repository is organized as follows:

- **data**: This directory contains the datasets created by querying Wikidata for fictional characters and enriching them with the prompts we generated.
- **data/images**: Each item present in the data has its own folder within this directory. Each folder contains four images: the ground truth image retrieved from Wikidata (if available) and the four images generated using DALL-E based on the corresponding prompts we created.
- **results**: This directory presents the results of our evaluation framework. It includes both a CSV and a JSON version of the analysis of prompts and their corresponding images.
- **src**: The source code required to obtain the data, build the dataset, and run the evaluation framework can be found in this directory.
- **src/utils**: This directory contains utility functions used for data retrieval, dataset construction, and building the evaluation framework.
-->
## Usage
The ground truth image data is [available](https://huggingface.co/datasets/gryffindor-ISWS/fictional-characters-image-dataset) @ :hugs: .

* Clone the repository to the local.
  
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/helemanc/gryffindor.git
```
* Install requirements: wip!

```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt 
``` 
  
### 1.) Raw Data Collection
* Wikidata Dataset Creation
```bash
$ cd src/data-collection
$ python wiki_query_service.py
```
* DBpedia Abstract Collection
```bash
$ cd src/data-collection
$ python get_dbpedia_abstracts.py
```

### 2.) Prompt Generation

```bash
$ cd src/prompt-generator/graph2text/outputs/t5-base_13881
$ please download the file best_model.ckpt.tar.gz [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/193NnpRHzLGZRAejSiA6N1zvvyenq7z5G/view?usp=sharing)
$ tar -xzvf best_model.ckpt.tar.gz
$ cd best_tfmr
$ cat pytorch_model.bin.tar.gz.parta* > pytorch_model.bin.tar.gz
$ tar -xzvf pytorch_model.bin.tar.gz
$ cd PATH2THISREPO/src/prompt-generator/
$ python generatePrompt.py
```

### 3.) Ground Truth Image Collection
```bash
$ cd src/data-collection
$ python ground_truth_image_downloader.py
```
### 4.) Image Generation
```bash
$ cd src/image-generator
$ python generator.py
```
### 5.) Evaluation
* Image Semantic Evaluation

```bash
$ cd src/evaluation/evaluation-image-semantic
$ python evaluation_uqi.py
```
* Emotion Evaluation
```bash
$ cd src/evaluation/evaluation-emotion
$ python emotion_prediction_prompt.py
```

## Contact

For any inquiries or further information regarding this research project, please feel free to reach out NAME(EMAIL).

We appreciate your interest in our work and hope that this repository proves useful to the research community.

Commit message:

update instructions for prompt generation

README.md, after:

# Draw Me Like Your Triples: Leveraging Generative AI for the Completion of Wikidata

This repository contains the code and resources for the research project "Draw Me Like Your Triples: Leveraging Generative AI for the Completion of Wikidata". The project was conducted by Raia Abu Ahmad, Martin Critelli, Şefika Efeoğlu, Eleonora Mancini, Célian Ringwald and Xinyue Zhang under the supervision of Prof. Albert Merono.

## Project Description
wip!
## Repository Structure
Folder Structure:
``` 
.
├── dataset                    --->  Dataset folder
│   ├── image-data 
│   │   ├── generated-data     ---> Generated images of the fictional characters
│   │   └── ground-truth       ---> Original images of the fictional characters
│   ├── prompt-data            ---> Prompts generated from raw-data.
│   ├── raw-data               ---> This directory contains the datasets created by querying Wikidata and DBpedia for fictional characters
│   └── unavailable_pic_ids    ---> Fictional characters with unaccessible images, but have an image property in the Wikidata KB
├── scripts                    ---> Bash scripts
└── src
    ├── data-collection        ---> Data collection codes from DBpedia and Wikidata, and ground truth image downloader
    ├── evaluation             ---> Evaluation metrics
    │   ├── evaluation-emotion
    │   └── evaluation-image-semantic
    ├── image-generator        ---> text (prompt) to image generator
    ├── notebooks              ---> visualization codes
    ├── prompt-generator       ---> prompt generation codes
    └── utils                  ---> read, write, download, and data loader functions
```
<!--The repository is organized as follows:

- **data**: This directory contains the datasets created by querying Wikidata for fictional characters and enriching them with the prompts we generated.
- **data/images**: Each item present in the data has its own folder within this directory. Each folder contains four images: the ground truth image retrieved from Wikidata (if available) and the four images generated using DALL-E based on the corresponding prompts we created.
- **results**: This directory presents the results of our evaluation framework. It includes both a CSV and a JSON version of the analysis of prompts and their corresponding images.
- **src**: The source code required to obtain the data, build the dataset, and run the evaluation framework can be found in this directory.
- **src/utils**: This directory contains utility functions used for data retrieval, dataset construction, and building the evaluation framework.
-->
## Usage
The ground truth image data is [available](https://huggingface.co/datasets/gryffindor-ISWS/fictional-characters-image-dataset) @ :hugs: .

* Clone the repository to the local.
  
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/helemanc/gryffindor.git
```
* Install requirements: wip!

```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt 
``` 
  
### 1.) Raw Data Collection
* Wikidata Dataset Creation
```bash
$ cd src/data-collection
$ python wiki_query_service.py
```
* DBpedia Abstract Collection
```bash
$ cd src/data-collection
$ python get_dbpedia_abstracts.py
```

### 2.) Prompt Generation
Please first download the file best_model.ckpt.tar.gz [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/193NnpRHzLGZRAejSiA6N1zvvyenq7z5G/view?usp=sharing), and put it in the folder *src/prompt-generator/graph2text/outputs/t5-base_13881*.

Then compress the file by using the following command:
```bash
$ cd src/prompt-generator/graph2text/outputs/t5-base_13881
$ tar -xzvf best_model.ckpt.tar.gz
```

Prepare another model using the following command:
```bash
$ cd best_tfmr
$ cat pytorch_model.bin.tar.gz.parta* > pytorch_model.bin.tar.gz
$ tar -xzvf pytorch_model.bin.tar.gz
```

Finally, the prompt generator is ready to run:
```bash
$ cd PATH2THISREPO/src/prompt-generator/
$ python generatePrompt.py
```

### 3.) Ground Truth Image Collection
```bash
$ cd src/data-collection
$ python ground_truth_image_downloader.py
```
### 4.) Image Generation
```bash
$ cd src/image-generator
$ python generator.py
```
### 5.) Evaluation
* Image Semantic Evaluation

```bash
$ cd src/evaluation/evaluation-image-semantic
$ python evaluation_uqi.py
```
* Emotion Evaluation
```bash
$ cd src/evaluation/evaluation-emotion
$ python emotion_prediction_prompt.py
```

## Contact

For any inquiries or further information regarding this research project, please feel free to reach out NAME(EMAIL).

We appreciate your interest in our work and hope that this repository proves useful to the research community.
